## This file will teach how to :

### 1. create a git repository ->

### 2. add the changes to git locally ->

### 3. commit the changes with message ->

### 4. configure the local git configuration(adding user.name & user.email) ->

### 5. Adding a remote repository ->

### 6. push the changes to that remote repository

> Step 1 : git init
>
>       => This command will initialize the current working directory as a git repository locally and start tracking the repository.
>
> Step 2 : git add <filename> | git add .
>
>       => This command will add the file in staging area so that it is ready to be committed.
>
> Step 3 : Adding a configuration for the repository
>
>        -> a : git config --local --list => This command will list all the configuration for particular repository (--global => Will show for all repositories for that currently logged in user)
>
>       -> b : git config --local user.name "pursotam" && git config --local user.email "your-email@example.com" => This will set the current user and email for your local repository.
>
> Step 4 : git commit -m "Your message regarding changes"
>
>       => This command will commit the changes to the local working repository with given message.
>
> Step 5 : We have to add remote repository so that this changes are pushed to that repository
>
>       -> a : git remote add origin <remote:url> => This will link the remote repository to you current repository.
>
>       -> b : git config pull.rebase false => This will set the reabse to false and will apply merge strategy.
>
>       -> c : git pull origin <branch-name> --allow-unrelated-histories => Before push we have to pull first. The flag allow to merge two branches that doesn't share common/related histories.
>
>       -> d : git push origin <branch-name>
